chore(common): fix incorrect file path (#2495)
telerik/blazor-docs: getting-started/web-app.md

The final step in this tutorial is to use a Telerik UI for Blazor component in a view and run it in the browser.

> 1. In the `~/Pages/Home.razor` view, add a `TelerikButton` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In `.../Pages/Home.razor` in the server or client project, add a `TelerikButton` component.
```
